docs: Add SDK docs (#14242)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/handbook/engineering/sdks/releases.md

- **Automation:** Changelog generation, version bumping, and publishing are handled automatically

## Setting up releases for a new SDK

When creating a new SDK - or migrating an existing one to the new workflow -, follow these steps to set up the release infrastructure.

### 1. Create a GitHub App

Go to [GitHub App settings](https://github.com/organizations/PostHog/settings/apps) and create a new app:

1. **Name:** `Releaser (<sdk_name>)` (e.g., `Releaser (posthog-go)`)
2. **Description:** Should be "Used to release new versions of `posthog-<sdk_name>` (e.g. "Used to release new versions of `posthog-go`.")
3. **Homepage URL:** Point to the SDK's docs page on posthog.com (e.g., `https://posthog.com/docs/libraries/go`)
4. **Webhook:** Disable (uncheck "Active")
5. **Permissions:** Under "Repository permissions", set only:
   - `Contents`: Read and write
6. Click **Create GitHub App**

After creating the app:

1. Upload the following image as the app icon and set the background color to `#D97148`

![SDK Releaser bot icon](https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/q_auto,f_auto/2514924_640cf3f534.png)

> 2. Generate a private key and save it locally — you'll need it later

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Generate a private key (the option is available after creating the app). It will be downloaded locally and you should then add it to PostHog 1password as something like "Releaser Private Key <sdk_name>"
```

> 2. Generate a private key and save it locally — you'll need it later

Reviewer 2: ok, i reckon i'd have figured that out then :rolling_on_the_floor_laughing:

> 2. Generate a private key and save it locally — you'll need it later

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Click the big button to generate a private key and save it locally — you'll need it later
```

In your SDK repository settings:

1. Go to **Environments** and create a new environment named `Release`
2. Configure protection rules:
   - **Required reviewers:** Add `Client libraries` as the team that can review
   - **Prevent self-review:** Enable this option
   - **Allow administrators to bypass:** Leave this **unchecked**

![Protection rules](https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/q_auto,f_auto/pasted_image_2025_12_29_T17_26_43_879_Z_cee626f86a.png)

3. Add environment secrets:
   - `GH_APP_POSTHOG_<SDK_NAME>_RELEASER_APP_ID` — Copy the App ID from your GitHub App settings
   - `GH_APP_POSTHOG_<SDK_NAME>_RELEASER_PRIVATE_KEY` — Paste the private key you downloaded, include the trailing newline

   > Replace `<SDK_NAME>` with your SDK name in uppercase with underscores (e.g., `GH_APP_POSTHOG_GO_RELEASER_APP_ID`, `GH_APP_POSTHOG_GO_RELEASER_PRIVATE_KEY`)

![Environment secrets](https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/q_auto,f_auto/pasted_image_2025_12_29_T17_28_12_362_Z_83a6c89501.png)

### 3. Add app to bypass lists

The GitHub App needs to bypass certain protections to push release commits directly.

#### CodeQL bypass

> 1. Go to [org settings](https://github.com/organizations/PostHog/settings/profile)

Author: I don't expect non-admins to be creating a new SDK repo, but this is fair, I'll add a warning saying these steps need admin permissions
